Objective
develop your province to get a combination of
wealth and fame. Tracks of fame and money are parallel in directions
opposites, who first crosses their markers will have high probability
to win.

Development
the game divides into rounds, in each will alternate
turn in the direction of the hands of the clock. In the turn, a
worker, the cost is paid (money: the track marker moves
money back; or dice: are returned to the reserve), if required, and
the associated action is performed. When all the
workers finish the round, retire from the board and start a new
round. There can only be one worker for each space.

Actions

Construction: Place a province slab on the personal board, be
earns fame and/or money. Each slab has a cost in dice that should
cover with one or more dice of its own.
province must connect via roads to the initial residence.
money has market(s), you earn the coins that are indicated in
she, if the tile has a building(s) earn 2/3/4 points of fame,
depending on how much the building has been improved. If you connect with
path a symbol or production tab on the edge of the board is won
a prize immediately.
Market: You earn money from certain markets in the province. If space
has various types of action, you get money from exactly a
market for each type of good. If the space has a single type of market,
a dice is given and resources are obtained from as many such markets as
value of the die.

Actions in the palace
: A dice is given (if requested) and a benefit is obtained.
Outdoor terrace (free): 2 coins are taken and the
dice proprios.
Terrace (free): Take a dice of the corresponding color and add to
personal reservation.
Balconies (1 given): A dice of a specific color is given and 2 are obtained
of a different color.
Cameras (1 given of any colour with a specific value):
Great Mogul: It gives a 1, you get 2 points of fame and the token of
initial player.
Dancer: Gives a 2, you get 2 any dice and a token of
production. This is placed on the personal board. (If you are playing the
Introductory game is charged immediately).
Yogi: Gives a 3, earns 2 karmas and any dice.
Raja Man Sigh: It gives a 4, you get a building upgrade and 3 coins.
Master Builder: Gives a 5, covers any slab in the province with
one that is in the reserve, must continue connected by roads to the
residence. The new card must be more expensive than the previous one, the
difference of points with dice.
Portuguese: It gives a 6, it advances exactly 6 spaces in the river and it
gets the benefit where the movement ends.

Rio
It gives a dice with 1/2/3 and advances up to 1/2/3 spaces in the river.
The spaces occupied by other players are not counted and are skipped.
win the rewards of the space that has been reached.

Karma
At any time of shift, you pay 1 karma to flip a
(The opposite faces add up to 7).

Get new workers
As we advance in the tracks of fame, money and
in the river will be won new workers.

Awards in the tracks of fame and money
In addition to workers, in these
tracks can be won more prizes: building improvements, karma,
River movements, dice. These prizes are only won the first time
the marker reaches them.

End of round
the round ends when no player has
Unallocated workers, and those players with fewer workers
have obtained a production document.
board and start a new round.

Game End
As soon as someone gets their mark of fame and
your money marker will cross will activate the end of the game.
“back” of the round so that everyone has the same number of turns.
After that, if there are more than two players who managed to make their
markers cross, each counts the difference of points of fame
between his fame scoreboard and his money scoreboard.
the biggest difference will have won the game 

