Aim
Develop your province to obtain a combination of
wealth and fame.Fame and money tracks are parallel in addresses
opposite, who first crosses its markers will have high probability
to win.

Development
The divide game in rounds, in each one they will alternate
shifts in the direction of the clock hands.In the turn, a
worker, the cost is paid (money: the track marker moves
back back;or dice: they are returned to the reservation), if required, and
The associated action is performed.When all the
workers end the round, retire from the board and start a new
round.There can only be one worker for each space.

Actions

Construction: a province tile is placed on the personal board,
Win fame and/or money.Each tile has a dice cost that must
cover with one or more its own.Every tile that is placed in the
Province must be connected through roads to the initial residence.Yes
tile has a market (s), they win the coins indicated in
She, if the tile has a building (s) they win 2/3/4 fame points,
depending on how much this building has been improved.If you connect with
I walk a symbol or production form on the edge of the board is won
A prize immediately.
Market: Money is earned from certain markets in the province.If space
It has several types of action, money is obtained exactly one
market of each type of good.If the space has only one type of market,
a dice is given and resources are obtained from such markets as
Dice value.

Actions in the Palace
: A dice (if requested) is given and a benefit is obtained.
External terrace (free): 2 coins are taken and the
own dice.
Terrace (free): a dice is taken from the corresponding color and adds to
The personal reserve.
Balcones (1 given): There is a specific color dice and 2 are obtained
of a different color.
Cameras (1 given of any color with a specific value):
Great Mogul: There is a 1, 2 points of fame and the token of
Initial player.
Dancer: there is a 2, 2 dice and a card of
production.This is placed on the personal board.(If the
Introductory game is charged immediately).
Yogi: There is a 3, 2 karmas are won and an any given dice.
RAJA MAN SIGH: A 4 is given, an improvement of building and 3 coins is obtained.
MASTER BUILDER: There is a 5, any tile is covered in the province with
one that is in the reserve, must continue connected by roads to the
residence.The new file must be more expensive than the previous one, the
Difference of dice.
Portuguese: There is a 6, 6 spaces are advanced in the river and
Obtain the benefit where the movement is finished.

River
It is given with 1/2/3 and progress is made up to 1/2/3 spaces in the river.
The spaces occupied by other players are not counted and skipped.HE
They win the rewards of the space to which it has been reached.

Karma
At any time of the turn, 1 karma is paid to turn a
given to the opposite side.(Opposite faces add 7).

Obtain new workers
By advancing in fame, money and
New workers will win on the river.

Awards in Fame and Money Tracks
In addition to workers, in these
Tracks can win more awards: buildings improvements, karma,
River movements, given.These awards are only won the first time
That the marker scopes them.

End of the round
The round ends when no player has
unclean workers, and those players with fewer workers
They have obtained a production sheet.The workers from the
board and start a new round.

End of the game
As soon as someone manages to make their fame score and
Your money marker cross will activate the end of the game.The
"Return" of the round so that everyone has the same number of shifts.
Then, if there are more than two players who managed to make their
markers cross, each one counts the difference in fame points
between his fame score and his money score.Who has the
larger difference will have won the game